Welcome back all.
So we're going to go ahead and move on to the app component.
Yes file the very first thing if we're going to do however will be to remove app components spec ts.
So go ahead and moved to a crash but delete just like delete with trash that's it it cause some problems
for me so I figured I would just delete.
Because well we don't really need it for anything.
It's there are some other files which we actually don't need for editing as well but it doesn't matter.
They're not causing any problems whatsoever for us now.
So these two imports remain from the trial interface where the code was being tested out so we're just
going to go ahead and remove that and managed to copy them there by accident.
OK down below the only new import is the account service and we know.
And here is the path which we have created previously and you have the injector which has been explained
as well previously that is imported here as well.
So if you scroll down you will see that there is a new thing here it says providers account service.
With this we're basically telling and that we would like to use this service in our service in our class
and it will inject it immediately.
So next up we're going to go ahead and jump into the app component down below.
So we have private accounts array and this is a variable in which we place accounts after we have gotten
them with our service in the constructor down below.
However this one and this one have nothing to do with one another quite literally yes they have the
same name but they're nothing to say.
This one is app component.
Here's the other one is in the account services whereas it can services Dotty's So two different components.
They have nothing to do with one another they can have the same names.
No big deal there anyway.
Next up we have private accounts service.
So this is just a variable in which we shall place the instance of our instance of our service after
angular injected.
So we'll see soon enough in the constructor that we will immediately utilize the two previously mentioned
variables the private accounts and private accounts services which are separate as you can see it will
get better.
And that's one.
So have a constructor here.
And I've already explained what constructor is but it's been a while.
Let me just remind you.
So constructor is a special type of a method which is used for the initialization of a class creating
it that is doing the creating of this component.
This entire component the app component TS angular will basically call this constructor or find the
constructor.
There we go.
So Anglo would basically call this constructor and it will inject account service.
How does Engler know what to inject.
Well because we are telling it the parameter is of type account service or this is just the parameter.
Keep in mind the fact that it has a name account service this is a parameter account service and you
have a type account service.
Two very different things.
Were telling it that the parameter that parameter is of type account service so it knows knows what
to inject and then down below what we're doing here is stating that the counter-service which is the
variable here I mean you have it right here so account service that's right here so can service and
Accounting Service we are storing the account service into it.
So this one is actually taking the initialised version of this one and storing it into itself.
Why are we doing this.
Well first of all Engler will know how to initialize this.
So within the constructor it will.
It knows because we have told it to inject us.
And as I stated before once we say something once we tell it to inject it knows what to do.
It does things for us in the background.
So whatever is contained within this parameter account service is unusable outside of this construct
as a common service parameter does not exist outside of this construct.
So we're basically effectively taking whatever is stored into the account service in the as parameter
and putting it in the underline account service parameter which is right here and accounts.
This one underline account service private variable is out side of this constructor and it is usable
elsewhere.
It exists elsewhere.
It exists outside of this constructor's.
So that's how we are able to utilize it.
So we're just using the logic of the accounts services to initialize the account services variable and
then we're taking everything that's stored in it into our private variable underlying account service
which we can use outside of this constructor.
Now the next line here.
Basically here we will initialize basically the logic from the service and use the method and get all
to fetch the data and store it into the accounts variable.
Very very similar very similar actions between these two.
So Double-O we have this create account error string which has been explained before.
And this decorator you know from before these two methods you know from before but there was something
different.
And now we are now we are using the logic from the accounting service in order to perform certain actions.
So for example it says this dot underline accounts service dot create.
Then you have the parameter you create is here just show it to you where is created.
Here we go.
Should separate us.
So create is here and it isn't.
It is logic.
This method provides the logic for creating new accounts while the app component of the US actually
just calls the method.
And with it with its own method and it uses that logic in order to basically manipulate the data store
the data retrieved the data and do whatever it wants with the data whatever logic is within the services.
So what the services part contains the logic here.
We just specify what we want to do and recycle the existing logic within the services.
As you can see we've use our own private variable here which we have initialized with account service.
Simple as that.
So what I'm just told you.
And basically the same thing applies here.
No difference the remove is also in the services.
Down here up there you go ups stick.
So I know that it can be a little bit confusing.
That is why
I've deleted it.
Oh well I have it saved.
Get help.
It's not a big deal.
Anyway I'm done with it.
I'm done with it.
In any case what I wanted to tell you now before I made this deletion mistake is that these things can
be a little bit complex to understand in terms of perhaps not in the technical sense but sure but just
in a logical sense.
So that's why we are open and you can write to us you can post in the discussion section and we'll be
more than happy to explain anything that you might find and clear.
Anyway going to bid you farewell here and hope to see you in the follow up to Tauriel.